Let's start the review exercises and if we can also do the keywords thing
1- The difference is definitionis where you tell the compiler what the function actually does but 
    declaration is calling the function to use it. definition is a type of delcaration.

2- definitions have curly brackets.

3- extern: extern int a is declaration-only

4- Because some of the functions are used before actually defining them like expression() in primary(),
    compiler needs to know what the function actually does right, so declaring it will take it to the definition,
    hence letting the compiler actually what the function does.

5- definition.

6- Uninitialized variables hold whatever garbage happened. Any value, unpredictable.

7- type, name and parameters.

8- it is eg auto function(parameter)-> return type. Return type needs to be expressed in terms of the parameters.

9- It helps separate which part is which in a function.

10- It helps to know where the name is actually visible.

11- There are global scope, module scop, namespace scope class scope and a local scope

12- Scope is the area of the code where a name can be referred to. So in class scope the memories of the variables are in class only and same with the 
local scope, only in the if statement.

13- Because you don't know where it was initialized, you don't know which of the dozen functions might have changed it.

14- Pass-by-value is where all values that are being changed or edited have a memory each while pass by reference is you just refer to the variable or 
    memory that you wan't to change and change it instead of copying for each one.

15- The difference is you can't edit when using pass by const reference because it is const.

16- swap()function is a function which swaps the two ints that you give it.

17- Usually no because vector itself has huge memory.

18- eg:-f(++i,++i). Here you and the compiler won't know which to compile first. This means they won't compile the way you would want.

19- x and y, x or y

20- Functions within classes, classes within classes and classes within functions.

21-  describes the call stack overall.

22- Call stack has the order of things being called recursively, usually, in a run. We need it to visualize when what will returned and stuff like that

23- namespace helps us organize classes functions and data into an indetifiable and named part of a program.

24- class has a type  and can create multiple objects with access control while namespace helps us organize classes.

25- A using declaration pulls one specific name from a namespace into the current scope so it can be used unqualified. 

26- A header will typically be included in many source files. Which means it forces every file that includes that header to also pull in all of X' names.

27- It is the namespace where the entire standard library lives in.


Terms
Activation record:- A record of call stacks
function:- a block of code that takes parameter inputs and usually returns something or at least does something with it.
pass-by-reference:- passing/editing things based on reference of the value rather than values themselves.
argument:- The actual value of the parameter that is inputed.
function definition:- block of code that defines or sets up what a function does.
pass-by-value:- passing/editings things by allocating memory for each new value.
argument passing:- inputting a value for the parameter of a function
global scope:- the space of code where all sub scope's memory allocation are defined.
recursion:- repeated loop use of the same function
call stack:- order of calling of a function in a certain scope
header file:- a file containing not-readily functions and classes that you can use in your code
return:- a key word that sends back a function usually with an attatched value
class scope:- it means the things used in class is of no value outside class
constexpr:- constant expression
namespace:- a way to properly combine functions, classes and named part of a program without defining a type.
statement scope:- it means it makes memory sense only in the statement.
declaration:- A notation that the object exists.
namespace scope:- the variables and memory allocated objects outside the namespace would make no sense/ deleted.
technicalities:- syntaxes
definition:- a full list of things for compiler to read to make understand what that objct really does here
nested block:- Where one object contains another object.
undeclared identifier:- 
extern:- Defined somewhere else
parameter:- possible input memory places that are used by function
using declaration:-
forward declaration:-
pass-by-const-reference:-using reference of values within an object or the object itself
using directive:-
auto:- finds the type itself
->:- this return type direction
suffix return type:- a type of declaration where in the end the return type is written

